{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green54\blue53;}
{\info
{\author Alina Larson}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12360\viewh15800\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf2 ~ O U R\'a0\'a0\'a0M A N ~\
by Alina Larson
\b0 \
\
His hands clicked as he reached up to the glass, intending to brush with one oddly jointed finger the object which had managed to draw his attention. Startled by the motion, the small bird jumped back from the opposite side of the glass. An old pane, the glass was living up to its liquid state and was beginning to ripple and drip ever so slightly. If you watched it, as Our Man did, you would see it melt. \
\
Through the window, the small yellow bird shimmered and trembled. The wind howled outside, and had been howling for many a year. The windowsill offered a kindly perch and refuge from the showering heavens, and the bird recovered from its momentary startle to preen its drenched plumage. Our Man's attention continued to wander, and this time settled on his collection of locks.\
\
If we were to ask him, which of course we would not, how long he had worked locks, he would be unable to answer. He had not uttered the faintest sound since he began to work as a locksmith, and that had been long, long ago. Some said that the first lock he had fashioned had been the one to his voice, but no one knew for certain.\
\
Our Man, though well-known, was not one for knowing well. He knew his locks, and that was all that seemed to concern him. It had been years since he had left his small hut in the middle of the forest. Indeed, it had been a long, long time. Few could locate it now, for it had grown into the land in the way that only very old buildings are able to. Lost to the forest, it had surrendered to the elements and had lost much of its likeness to other works of architecture, now resembling something closer to a small hill of an odd shape.\
\
But Our Man did not concern himself with such things. Only locks. Locks to open, locks to close, locks to puzzle and locks to love. No one knew where his obsession came from. It simply took hold of him one day, and he let it carry him away. Fashioning locks day after day, he slowly let the world cave in around him, himself becoming something akin to his small creations. One could say he fashioned them in his own image, though it could just as easily have been the other way around.\
\
It was his turn to startle. The little yellow bird that had been cleaning its feathers made a sudden leap from his windowsill, causing Our Man to break from his reverie and follow the yellow bird's trajectory as it sped into the wet sky. So bright was its plumage, the yellow appeared to trail behind it as it flew, leaving Our Man dazed and pensive. It was time for another lock, he decided.\
\
Retrieving his tools from the small table-which resembled as much a piece of furniture as it did a small tree stump lost in a blanket of moss-Our Man set to work on his next piece. Dainty, powerful hands clicking in unison, they seemed almost to be persuading it to change form in a strange, forgotton tongue. Within the hour, his latest masterpiece was complete.\
\
He never made keys to his locks, because he never intended to open them. He had no desire to make use of them in the conventional sense. He preferred to gaze into them. Tiny eyes, so fond of wandering, fixed themselves most intently on the small crevice in the center of his latest lock. Finding purchase on smooth folded metalic surfaces and knobby gagetry, the eyes drifted downwards into depths forbidden to all other eyes. \
\
No longer animate, Our Man appeared to have lost all consciousness, but when the small lock gripped in his twisted fingers began to sing, it became clear that he was involved in some strange dialogue with his latest contraption. Breaking communion and setting the new lock down in his lap, his gaze fell again on the melting glass.\
\
For some unknown reason, a tear escaped from one of his small eyes, and he opened his mouth as if to speak, with no effect. His face displayed no signs of anguish, but his tears continued to form streams down his long, crevassed visage. As they flowed, they slowed, and eventually solidified. His hands, long composed of stone and twisted root, took hold of his lock and began to lose all their resemblance to hands.\
\
Just as his house had let itself sink into the murky land, Our Man had let the land sink into him, and finally gave in to its shape. As the last tear tricked down his face, he reached his final height, having broken through what was left of his small hut's ceiling, and turned his now-polished , metallic gaze to the sky. Remembering the yellow bird's flight, he thumbed the small lock still clutched in his thorny and tangled hands, as his many creations broke into song, and he froze forever.\
\
Smile refecting the sky, arms holding the earth, and locks dangling from branches and tangled in his roots, he slept. The locks kept up their song for some time, as a mother would sing a lullaby to a dozing child, and a rainbow began to take shape before him. Small birds, never seen before, of all colors of the rainbow, escaped from the key holes of each lock and took their first flight. \
\
The sky forgot to rain, perhaps in bewilderment, and the stream of color trailing behind each bird bound to the color of its neighbor, forming the first rainbow. Some say there is a leprachaun at the end of every rainbow, but I would tell you otherwise. If you ever have the time, you could go and look for him. I imagine his locks may still be singing.}